Update EIP-7702: Prohibit nonce-changing opcodes (#8538)
ethereum/EIPs: EIPS/eip-7702.md

2. Verify that the contract code of `signer` is empty.
3. Set the contract code of `signer` to `contract_code`.

> At the end of the transaction, set the `contract_code` of each `signer` back to empty. Any storage set for the `signer` must also be cleared.

Author: ```suggestion
At the end of the transaction, set the `contract_code` of each `signer` back to empty. Any storage set during the transaction under any of the signers must also be cleared. 
```

> At the end of the transaction, set the `contract_code` of each `signer` back to empty. Any storage set for the `signer` must also be cleared.

Reviewer: I'd say not cleared, but prevent SSTORE in the first place.  Otherwise it might have unintended consequences to code that assumes the SSTORE was not implicitly a TSTORE.  See my Safe example in the EM thread.

Author: This is what I originally proposed, both in EIP-5806 and [here](https://github.com/ethereum/EIPs/pull/8527#discussion_r1593099283).

I see that #8539 is specifying that part, so I'll change this PR to be only about create/create2/selfdestruct

* It allows EOAs to temporarily convert themselves into contracts to be included in ERC-4337 bundles, in a way that's compatible with the existing `EntryPoint`.
* Once this is implemented, [EIP-5003](./eip-5003.md) is "only one line of code": just add a flag to not set the code back to empty at the end.

### Opcode restriction

For security reasons, some opcodes MUST not be executed in the context of an EOA:

> * `CREATE` (0xF0), `CREATE2` (0xF5) and `SELFDESTRUCT` (0xFF): There may be an expectation that transactions from a given sender should have consecutive nonces. This assumption would be broken if code placed at an EOA's address was to execute one or multiple operations that alter the sender account's nonce. Consequently, EOA performing a delegate transaction should not be able to use the `CREATE`, `CREATE2` or `SELFDESTRUCT` opcodes. Any CALL performed by the code placed at the EOA's address is free to create contracts normally.

Author: ```suggestion
* `CREATE` (0xF0), `CREATE2` (0xF5) and `SELFDESTRUCT` (0xFF): There may be an expectation that transactions from a given `signer` should have consecutive nonces. This assumption would be broken if code placed at an EOA's address was to execute one or multiple operations that alter the `signer`'s nonce. Consequently, EOA performing a delegate transaction should not be able to use the `CREATE`, `CREATE2` or `SELFDESTRUCT` opcodes. Any CALL performed by the code placed at the EOA's address is free to create contracts normally.
```
